# Python-Web-Development

This folder includes various projects on Python Web Development.

Project 1:-User Authentication(Django and Flask)
----------------------------------------------->
----------------------------------------------->
A sample profile and authentication site that takes in details about a registered user and displays those details on a profile page. The profile page is only visible once the user has logged in.

User Stories:-
---------------->
As a user I can create an account using my first name, last name, username, and password.
As a user I can add additional profile details to my created account such as email, bio, birthday, city, state, favorite animal, and hobby.
As a user I can view and edit my profile.
As a user I can see the strength of a password I am creating using a password strength meter.
As a user I can change my password at any time on the change password page.
any user can sign up and logn to utilize this facilities which i mentioned just now



Project 2:Personal learning journal(with django):-Learning management system


User Stories:-
---------------->
As a user I have options to take courses,quizzes,mcqs and true false question.
As a user I can see my most recent actions
Allows a user to record entries with a title, what they learned, a list of resources.
As a user I have many courses of which he can select any course and i would be able to see various attributes like date of creation,course is live or not
time to complete this course and whats mine status of the course(with the help of radio buttons) and i can also change the status of the course and finally save it.
As a user I can apply filter as per year ,is-live,by course selection.
As a user I can search as per keyword i want.

------>To Run
cd into repository project folder

In a terminal type: python app.py

The local server should be running on http://localhost:8000

A testing account is already setup.

Username: admin@example.com
Password: password

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Important Points:-
------------------------------------------------------------------->

----->Whatever the data submitted with a form, once it has been successfully validated by calling is_valid() (and is_valid() has returned True), the validated form data will be in the form.cleaned_data dictionary. This data will have been nicely converted into Python types for you.

----->Authentication support is bundled as a Django contrib module in django.contrib.auth. By default, the required configuration is already included in the settings.py generated by django-admin startproject, these consist of two items listed in your INSTALLED_APPS setting:

'django.contrib.auth' contains the core of the authentication framework, and its default models.
'django.contrib.contenttypes' is the Django content type system, which allows permissions to be associated with models you create.

MIDDLEWARE setting:
SessionMiddleware manages sessions across requests.
AuthenticationMiddleware associates users with requests using sessions.
